Adds new curriculum mdp that allows modification on any environment parameters (#2777)
isaac-sim/IsaacLab: docs/source/how-to/curriculums.rst

Curriculum Utilities
====================

.. currentmodule:: isaaclab.managers

This guide walks through the common curriculum helper functions and terms that can be used to create flexible curricula
for RL environments in Isaac Lab. These utilities can be passed to a :class:`~isaaclab.managers.CurriculumTermCfg`
object to enable dynamic modification of reward weights and environment parameters during training.

.. note::

   We cover three utilities in this guide:
   - The simple function modifies reward :func:`modify_reward_weight`
   - The term modify any environment parameters :class:`modify_env_param`
   - The term modify term_cfg :class:`modify_term_cfg`

.. dropdown:: Full source for curriculum utilities
   :icon: code

   .. literalinclude:: ../../../source/isaaclab/isaaclab/envs/mdp/curriculums.py
      :language: python

Modifying Reward Weights
------------------------

The function :func:`modify_reward_weight` updates the weight of a reward term after a specified number of simulation

> steps. You pass this directly as the `func` in a `CurriculumTermCfg`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
steps. This can be passed directly as the `func` in a `CurriculumTermCfg`.
```

.. literalinclude:: ../../../source/isaaclab/isaaclab/envs/mdp/curriculums.py
   :language: python
   :pyobject: modify_reward_weight

**Usage example**:

.. code-block:: python

   from isaaclab.managers import CurriculumTermCfg
   import isaaclab.managers.mdp as mdp

   # After 100k steps, set the "sparse_reward" term weight to 0.5
   sparse_reward_schedule = CurriculumTermCfg(
       func=mdp.modify_reward_weight,
       params={
           "term_name": "sparse_reward",
           "weight": 0.5,

>            "num_steps": 100_000,

Reviewer: could we explain what the `_000` means?

Author: ohh 100_000 is exactly the same as 100000 in python, let me add a comment.

       return mdp.modify_env_param.NO_CHANGE

   friction_curriculum = CurriculumTermCfg(
       func=mdp.modify_env_param,
       params={
           "address": "event_manager.cfg.object_physics_material.func.material_buckets",
           "modify_fn": resample_friction,
           "modify_params": {
               "low": 0.3,
               "high": 1.0,
               "num_steps": 120_000,
           }
       }
   )

Modify Term Configuration
-------------------------

The subclass :class:`modify_term_cfg` provides a more concise style address syntax, using consistent with hydra config
syntax. It otherwise behaves identically to :class:`modify_env_param`.

.. literalinclude:: ../../../source/isaaclab/isaaclab/envs/mdp/curriculums.py
   :language: python
   :pyobject: modify_term_cfg

**Usage example**:

.. code-block:: python

   def override_command_range(env, env_ids, old_value, value, num_steps):
       # Override after num_steps
       if env.common_step_counter > num_steps:
           return value
       return mdp.modify_term_cfg.NO_CHANGE

   range_override = CurriculumTermCfg(
       func=mdp.modify_term_cfg,
       params={

>            "address": "commands.object_pose.ranges.pos_x",  # "s." is implicit

Reviewer: what does `"s." is implicit` mean?

Author: hahaha, let me remove that
